java c
MATH6011 FORECASTING ASSIGNMENT 2025 Your   coursework   must   be   submitted   electronically   via   Blackboard   by   3pm   on   Friday   March   21st.       Any      work   handed   in      after   this   time   will   be   subject   to   the   following penalties:   10% of your marks lost per working   day   up to   5   working   days.    Do not   write   your   name   anywhere   on   your   work,   as   marking   will   be   anonymous.   Your   student   ID   should   be   included   in   the   filenames   but   not   your   name;   see   further   instructions   on   file   naming   in   Section   3   below.    An   extension,   for   bona   fide   reasons,   may   be   allowed   by   prior   agreement,   but   only   well   before   the   deadline;   you   can   contact   the   Student   Office   if   you   would   like   to   apply   for   an   extension.       Computer   crashes   or   file   losses   a   day   or   two   before   the   deadline   will   not   be   an   acceptable   reason   for   an   extension.   It   is   therefore   advisable   to   keep   back-up   copies   of   your   work.       Components    of   the   project   will   receive   different   weightings   in   producing   your   final   mark:    50 marks   for   the exponential   smoothing   part,   20   for   ARIMA,   20   for   regression,   and   10   for   the   overall   organization   of   your   submitted   material,   including   the   description   of   your   codes/files.
1. Background and analysis In light of the United Nations Climate   Change   Conference   (also known   as   COP29)   that   took   place in Baku, Azerbaijan,   11–22 November 2024, the UK government through its new Global   Clean   Power   Alliance   (GCPA)   initiative   has   employed   you   as   a   consultant.   Your   task   is   to   forecast the   behaviour   of a   number   of key   environmental   indicators   until   December   2025, to   help   support   the   decision   process   for   new   policies   to   support   the   country’s   efforts   to   reduce   the   impact   of   climate   change.      The   data   is   provided   by   a   number   of   public   organizations,   including   the   UK   Meteorological   Office   and   the   Office   for   National   Statistics.1.1. How to get the data. From   the   four   weblinks   given   below,   download   the   data   sets and   save   them in   xlsx,   xls,   or   csv   format.    The   resulting   files   might   have   multiple   columns or   sheets;   follow   the   corresponding   instructions   to   access   the   data   necessary   for   your   anal-   ysis.    Copy   the   data   sets   from   the   required   columns   as   described   below;   i.e.,   MSTA,   CH4,   GMAF,   and   ET12,   scrolling   down,   where   necessary,   to   find   the   monthly   observations. 
(A)   Global   Mean   Surface   Temperature   Anomaly   (MSTA)   in 。C:
https://www.metoffice.gov.uk/hadobs/hadcrut5/data/HadCRUT.5.0.2.0/download.html Download   the   monthly   data   in   the   (Global   (NH+SH)/2,   CSV)   cell   of   the   Summary   series table   under   the   HadCRUT.5.0.2.0   analysis   section   of   the   webpage.    The   MSTA   data   is   lo-   cated   in   the   Anomaly   column   of the   csv   file.(Source:   The Meteorological Office   (Met Office), which is the UK’s national weather service).
(B)   Global   Monthly   Atmospheric   Carbon   Dioxide   Levels   (CH4):
https://climate.metoffice.cloud/greenhouse gases.html 
Scroll   down   towards   the   end   of   the   webpage   (Get   the   data   section),   and   download   the   csv   file   under   CH4>NOAA   CH4.   The   CH4   data   to   use   is   available   in   column   C   of the   csv   file.
(Source:   Met   Office’s   Climate   Dashboard).
(C)   International   Passenger   Survey,   UK   visits   abroad   (GMAF):
https://www.ons.gov.uk/peoplepopulationandcommunity/leisureandtourism/datasets/interna tionalpassengersurveytimeseriesspreadsheet 
GMAF:   select   the   xlsx   or   csv   file;   then   see   the   data   to   be   used   in   the   GMAF   column   (or C)   of the   spreadsheet,   scrolling   down   to   the   monthly   observations.
(Source:   UK   Office   for   National   Statistics).
(D)   UK   Inland   Monthly   Energy   Consumption   (ET12),   in   million   tonnes   of   oil   equivalent.   The   data   can   be   downloaded   by   clicking   on   the   expression    “Inland    energy   consumption:   primary   fuel   input   basis   (ET   1.2   -   monthly)”   available   on   this   webpage:
https://www.gov.uk/government/statistics/total-energy-section-1-energy-trends 
ET12:   use   the   data   in   the    Unadjusted   total   column   (or   B)   of the   Month   worksheet.   (Source:   Department   for   Energy   Security   and   Net   Zero).
1.2. Tasks. As   it   so   often   happens   in   the   real   world,   the   data   sets   are   of   different   lengths.
You will have to use your own judgment in inspecting and preparing the   data   before   carrying   out   any   technical   analysis.   The   analysis   is   in   three   parts:
(a)   You   are   asked   to   take   all   four   series   separately   and   to   forecast   monthly   behaviour   until   December   2025,   using   exponential   smoothing-type   forecasting   methods.(b)   The   GCPA   team   have   been   satisfied   in   the   past   with   exponential   smoothing-type   fore-   casting   methods   and   are   happy   to   see   these   techniques   used   in   the   analysis.   However,   they   are   interested   in   the   possible   use   of   the   ARIMA   methodology   to   predict   MSTA.   You   are   asked   to   fit   the   ARIMA   model   to   MSTA,   for   an   analysis   in   which   you   compare   the   use   of   ARIMA   forecasting   and   a   suitable   exponential   smoothing   method.    You   should   make   a   recommendation   as   to   future   use   of ARIMA   on   this   time   series.(c) The GCPA team is interested to know whether global temperatures (that is, series MSTA)   are   affected   by   carbon   dioxide   levels,   international   air   travel,   and   the   consumption   of   fuels   (as   exemplified   by   the   time   series   CH4,   GMAF,   and   ET12,   respectively).   Develop   a   multi-   ple   regression   model,   use   it   for   the   prediction   of MSTA   until   December   2025,   and   report   on   whether   you   think   the   model   is   satisfactory   or   not.
2. What you must produce You   must   produce   a   technical   report   describing   all   the   analysis   done   to   select   the   most   suitable forecasting method, as well as the results obtained.   The report must be accompanied   by   the   codes   used   to   perform   the   technical   analysis,   as   well   as   key   resulting   graphs.    More   details   on   each   of the   aspects   of the   work   are   given   in   the   next   subsections.
2.1. The technical report. The   technical   report   must   follow   the   structure   described   inSubsection 2.3.      It   should   address   the   three   parts   of   the   analysis:    exponential   smoothing,   ARIMA,   and   regression.      For   each   part,   give   details   of   the   preliminary   analysis   and   data   preparation.   Also describe why   each model was chosen/built and explain the analysis   carried   out,   including   an   evaluation   of the   effectiveness   of the   models.2.2. Python codes and the appendix. You   must   also   prepare   and   submit   Python   codesthat   you   use   to   generate   the   results   that   will   be   included   in   your   technical   report.    If   any preliminary   operations   on   your   data   are   needed   before   applying/developing   a   Python   code   for  代 写MATH6011 FORECASTING ASSIGNMENT 2025Python
代做程序编程语言 your   analysis,   it   is   fine   to   include   this   in   the   corresponding   Excel   file   containing   your   data   sets.      However,   you   must   complete   all   the   main   tasks   of   your   analysis   using   Python.   You   can   use the   codes from the   course,   different ones,   or   develop   your   own.    Marking on   this   aspect   of your   work   will   not   be   based   on   how   well   you   can   program   in   Python,   but   rather   on   the   functionality   of your   codes   and   their   relevance   in   the   corresponding   analysis.To   help   us   easily   know   what   you   do   in   each   code,   you   must   add   a   single   page   as   Appendix   to   your   technical   report,   to   give   a   brief one   or   two   sentences   description   of what   it   does.    If   you   do   any   preliminary   operations   on your   data   in the   Excel   file   containing your   data   set,   a line   or   two   should   also   be   included   to   describe   this.
2.3. Organizing your technical report. The   report   must   be   organized   as   follows,   withthe   maximum   length   of 5 pages,   including   up   to   4   pages   for   the   core   text   (Sections   1   -   3)   with   all   the   relevant   key   illustrative   graphs   and   up   to   1   page   for   the   Appendix.    The   font size   and   overall   style   must   be   chosen   in   such   a   way   that   the   report   is   easy   to   read.1. Exponential smoothing (maximal length: 2 pages; total marks: 50) Marks to be   attributed based on   how   well   you   articulate   the   following   aspects:
(a)   Describe   your   data   preparation   (and   its   effects)   prior   to   the   implementa-   tion   of exponential   smoothing   methods.
(b)   Describe   the    preliminary    analysis    undertaken    (and    conclusions    drawn)   prior   to   the   implementation   of   exponential   smoothing   methods.
(c)   Give   details   of   how   exponential   smoothing   models   were   selected   for   each   time   series,   and   how   effective/accurate   these   methods   are   at   forecasting.
(d)   Quality   and   suitability   of   graphical   illustrations   for   analysis   and   results.   (e)   Clarity   and   quality   of   presentation.
(f)   Functionality   of   Python   codes.
2. ARIMA forecasting (maximal length:    1 page; total marks:    20)
Marks to be   attributed based on   how   well   you   articulate   the   following   aspects:   (a)   Describe   any   data   preparation   prior   to   ARIMA,   and   its   effects.
(b)   Describe   any   preliminary   analysis   undertaken   prior   to   ARIMA   modelling,   and   the   conclusions   drawn.
(c)   Give   details   of how   the   ARIMA   model   was   selected,   tested,   and   its   effec-   tiveness/accuracy   evaluated.
(d)   Compare   ARIMA   and   exponential   smoothing   forecasting, both   in   general terms   and   in   the   particular   instance   of   K54D.
(e)   Quality   and   suitability   of   graphical   illustrations   for   analysis   and   results.
(f)   Clarity   and   quality   of   presentation.   (g)   Functionality   of   Python   codes.
3. Regression prediction (maximal length:    1 page; total marks:    20)
Marks to be   attributed based on   how   well   you   articulate   the   following   aspects:
(a)   Describe   any   data   preparation   prior   to   implementing   the   regression.
(b)   Describe any preliminary analysis undertaken prior to regression modelling   and   the   conclusions   drawn.
(c)   Give   details   of how   a   regression   model   has   been   selected   and   comment   on   its   suitability   for   forecasting   the   variable   FTSE.
(d)   Quality   and   suitability   of   graphical   illustrations   for   analysis   and   results.   (e)   Clarity   and   quality   of   presentation.
(f)   Functionality   of   Python   codes.
Appendix: Code descriptions, etc.    (maximal length:    1 page; full marks:    10)
Marks   here   will be   attributed   based   on   the   overall   organization   of   the   material that you submit, and on   how clear,   informative,   and   concise   is   your   description   of   what   each   of   your    Python    codes    (or    Excel    file,    in    case    any    preliminary   operations   is   carried   out   there)   does.
In   summary, the   following guidelines   must be followed   while   producing   the   technical   report:
•   The   technical   report   must   be   organized   as   described   above,   with   maximum   5   pages   in   total   (4   pages   maximum   for   Sections   1   -   3,   and   up   to   1   page   for   the   Appendix).
•   No   theory   of   forecasting   is   required,   or   repeat   of   the   material   from   lectures,   unless   you   have   used   models   or   concepts   not   included   in   the   notes.
•   Formal   English   language   should   be   used,   avoiding   abbreviations   (such   as   “doesn’t”,   for   example),   slang,   and   casual   vocabulary.
•   In   Sections   1,   2,   and   3,   references   to   codes   developed/used   for   specific   tasks   can   be   made by using the   corresponding   code’s name.    But no   other   details   or   description   of Python   modeling   are   needed   in   those   sections.
•   At most two sentences are needed in the   Appendix   to   explain   what   each   Python   code   (or   Excel   file,   if necessary)   does.
•   Feel   free   to   include   subsections   to   Sections   1,   2,   3,   and   the   Appendix,   if   they   seem   necessary   to   help   make   some   parts   of the   report   clearer.
•   No   introduction,   table   of   contents,   or   conclusions   should   be   written   for   the   report.
3. Submission 
All   submissions   should   be   made   under   the   corresponding   assignment   tab   in   Blackboard.Submit   one   zipped   folder   (   . zip), not   an   archived   file   (   . rar),   without   internal   folders,   which contains a pdf copy of the technical report,   one   spreadsheet   with   the   data   sets   to   be   used   for   the   analysis.   You   should   also   include   an   adequate   number   of files   with   your   Python   codes.   Remember not to put your name   anywhere   on   your   work,   as   marking   is   anonymous.      Include   your   student   ID   in   your   technical   report   and   use   the   following   naming   pattern   for   all   the files   to   be   submitted   via   Blackboard   (under   the   Assignments   tab):
•   One   pdf file with the technical   report:   TechnicalReport StudentID.   pdf.
•   One   single   data   file:   Data StudentID   . xls   (with   a   separate   sheet   for   each   data   set;   namely,   MSTA,   CH4,   GMAF,   and   ET12).
•   Python codes:   each file name should have   three   components,   with   first   one   related   to   the   corresponding   methodology,   second   to   the   specific   task,   and   the   third   being   the   student’s   ID.   For   example,   if you   produce/use   a   code   to   illustrate   something   related   to the exponential smoothing, ARIMA, or regression methods, you could respectively   apply   the   following   naming   patterns   to   your   files:
– ExponentialSmoothing CH4TimePlot StudentID.   py
– ARIMA ACFPlot StudentID.   py
– Regression Correlation StudentID.   pyThe   middle   terms   CH4TimePlot,   ACFPlot,   and   Correlation   are   related   to   specific   tasks   that   could   be   carried   out   under   the   corresponding   parts.   The   expression   used   for   the   middle   term   should   not   exceed   fifteen   characters.

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
